 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 1 of 1 
 
 Isha  Velankar  
 
Email: ishavelankar2021.it@mmcoe.edu.in   
Ph: +91 9 860539406  
LinkedIn :https://www.linkedin.com/in/isha -velankar -
5b199026a  Current Address:  
A-705, Floria, SunCity Road   
 -Pune  Maharashtra – 411021  
 
 
• Intend to build a career with leading industries with committed & dedicated people, 
which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential.  
• Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment, in which I can 
contribute for potential growth of company with my qualification.   
• I can vouch for the fact that I am a fast learner, highly -motivated, team -player and I 
am always open to learn.  
• I am eager to gain practical experience and contribute to a dynamic work 
environment.  
 
➢ 10th Grade:  
▪ School : Parents’ Association English Medium School  
▪ Percentage:  96%  
 
➢ 12th Grade:  
▪ College:  Parents’ Association College of Science  
▪ Percentage:  97.17%  
 
➢ Bachelor’s in Information Technology:     [Expected Graduation June 2025]  
o FE IT:  
▪ CGPA:  9.75  
 
o SE IT:  
▪ CGPA:  9.07  
 
1. Programming Languages :  
C, C++ ,Java ,python , machine learning (intermediate)  
2.  Database:  
MySQL , MongoDB  
3. Microsoft Tools:  
Basic Knowledge in MS Excel, MySQL Excel, MS Word ,PowerBI(basic)  
4. UI Tools:  
HTML, CSS , PHP(basic) , Javascript(basic).  Career Objective  
      
Technical Skills  
 Educational Qualification  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 2 of 2 
 
  
 
                                                                                
Project 1 :              
➢ Name : UAPI(User Application Programmable Interface) – Student Result Management 
System.  
➢ Description:  UAPI is Student Result Management System consisting of functions 
implemented to manage the students’ overall yearly result. A database has been taken from 
the college and the system is application is implemented on the test cases. It handle two users 
namely the student and the faculty, the difference is faculty can access the whole system,  enter 
marks and generate the result profile whereas the student can only view the result.   
➢ Role: Front End development , PHP(basic) . The general design, the construction of the logo, 
and website transitions are all handled in front -end development, whilst I oversaw the 
building of the entire database in back -end development.  
➢ Contribution:  
• Gathering the students’ database from the college.  
• Designing real time test cases with the help of college faculty.  
➢ Tools: HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, xamp p. 
Project 2 :           
➢ Name : Aero: Airline Ticket Reservation System   
➢ Description:  Aero is an Airways Registration System. It is a DBMS project which hold the 
database of the flights that have taken off, landed, booked, cancelled, etc. It consists of CURD 
functions. It has two interfaces admin and the user the admin has whole control ove r the 
system whereas the user can only book and cancel the flights.     
➢ Role: Front End development, PHP(basic) . The general design, and website transitions are all 
handled in front -end development, but in back -end development, I was in charge of building 
and managing the database, I also played a small role in managing the CURD operations.  
➢ Contribution:  
• Creating a database and gathering the required data.  
• Testing the CURD functions.  
➢ Tools: HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, xampp.  
Project3:  
 
➢ Name:  SIEM and cybersecurity data.  
➢ Description: Cybersecurity data is available in the form of logs from various devices like 
Windows security events , Linux logs, Firewall devices, IDS/IPS devices, Anti -virus logs etc.  
Used SIEM tool Splunk for the analysis of Windows event logs to identify possible brute force 
attack, analyzing of firewall logs for IP blacklisting also created dashboard visualization to be 
monitored by operations team.  
➢ Role:  Collection of logs , creations of visualizations like piechart,linecharts,etc in dashboard 
panels.  
➢ Contribution:  
• Collection of logs  
• Creating visualizations  
➢ Tools: Splunk. (enterprise and forwarder).  Projects   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 3 of 3 
 
  
 
 
• Institute of Engineers India(IEI) Pune Local Centre Journal  
Isha Velankar, Nishita Bhagwat, Atharva Phadke, Ashish Joshi, Dr. Bharati Vasgi: 
“Development of an Online Community and Collaboration Platform for NGOs and Disaster 
Management”  
• Certification in Database management systems from Nptel.  
 
 
• Father’s Name:   Shivaji Velankar  
• Mother’s Name:   Sanika Velankar  
• Date of Birth:   06th Nov , 2003  
• Gender:                 Female  
• Marital Status:   Single  
• Nationality:   Indian  
• Linguistic ability:                English, Marathi, Hindi  
• Strength:   Teamwork , Adaptability , Optimism, Hard working  
• Hobbies:                               Badminton, Trekking, Travelling.  
 
 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  
Place:  Pune  
            
(Isha Velankar ) Person al Profile  
 
 
 
      Public ations and Certifications  