Naman Agnihotri
Pune Maharastra namanagnihotri280@gmail.com 8830069926 https://github.com/Naman7214
Education
Marathwada Mitra Mandal’s College of Engineering, Pune Pune
Bachelor of Engineering Information Technology GPA: 8.65 Dec 2021 - Jun 2025
Work Experience
Rinex Pune Maharastra
AI/ML Intern Nov 2022 - Dec 2022
•Learned and Developed skills and knowledge base in Deep learning using TensorFlow and Keras.
•Developed few Deep Learning models for classiﬁcation and regression task using open source datasets
from Kaggle.
Skills
Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Java
Machine Learning: TensorFlow, Pytorch, Scikit-learn, LangChain, LLMs( GPT, BERT, LlaMA, Gemini)
Web Development: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS, Flask, Django, NodeJS, ExpressJS, FAST API
Database: MySQL, sqlite, MS SQL, MongoDB
Cloud Services: AWS, Heroku, Azure
Tools: VS code, Docker, Jupyter Notebook, Git
Additional Libraries: Pickle, Joblib, Numpy, OpenCV2, Jinja Templating
Projects
QR based Attendance System HTML, CSS, JS, Flask, sqlite, AWS, Gemini https://itats.online
Secure, easy and robust way to mark attendance for college students. Prevents students from marking fake
attendance and provides entire digital dashboard for faculty to monitor various aspects of attendance and
data.
Career Guidance chatbot GuidoAI HTML, CSS, JS, Tailwind, Flask, Gemini, MongoDB
A career counseling chatbot that guides students to decide which career they should pursue based on series of
questions and answers. Also provide Skill Gap Analysis based on student 's resume.
Video Calling WebApp MERN stack, WebRTC, socket.io
A small light weight peer to peer video calling web app that allows two users to connect with each other. Also
enables user 's share their screen and interact with each other with Real time chat.
Emotion Detection using Neural Networks Python, TensorFlow, OpenCV2, PIL, Jupyter Notebook
A simple Emotion Detection model developed for college event to take virtual feedback of participants and
organizers just by looking at their face using OpenCV and Tensorﬂow. Also a collage of this feedback images
were dynamically produced using PIL.
Image Resolution Enhancer using ESRGAN Python, PyTorch, RRDB_NET
A image resolution enhancer using Generative Adversarial Network that enhances resolution of any image by
4x Times. Build onto an existing open source project and model.
Diabetes detection using Machine Learning Scikit-learn, Python, Jupyter Notebook
A simple diabetes detection model deployed onto website which takes series of questions and based on that
provides the probability of user having Diabetes with good accuracy of 85%..
Custom Model for Accident Detection. Scikit-Learn, Python, Jupyter Notebook
A classical machine learning model which when provided with desired inputs provides the number fatalities
possible for given scenario and also whether the accident will take place or not with strong accuracy of 97%.
Proctoring system using Face Detection and Veriﬁcation alongside Behavior modeling. Python,
OpenCV, Hara Cascade, FAST API, Javascript, TensorFlow
Proctoring tool that can be integrated with any given website just by using our API. Features like Face
Detection, Face veriﬁcation, Iris Tracking and Mobile Detections were used to Monitor the candidate.
Additional features such as Copy-Paste Disabler and Full Screen Mode were applied to increase robustness of
the system.
Alzheimer Detection Using Brain Scans TensorFlow, Python
Model based on artiﬁcial neural network was trained to classify the provided brain scan as Mild Demented,
Moderate Demented, Non Demented or Very Mild Demented. Model uses VGG16 architecture and CNN
layers to perform this classiﬁcation with accuracy of 82%.Object Detection using eﬃcientDET Model. Python, OpenCV2, TensorFlow
An Live Object detector based on Google 's EﬃcientDET 2 model that can detect upto 91 objects in real time.
Railway Ticket Booking Website HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, MySQL, Apache
A small mini project done as a beginner which replicated railway ticket booking with entire search menu,
session management and other user oriented features.
Achievements
ITSA President
Recognized as President for Departmental Club ITSA
ACM SC Vice-Chairperson
Recognized as Vice-Chairperson in ACM SC for MMCOE.
MicDrop Vice-Chairperson
A podcast club exclusive for MMCOE.